03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215                                     Contract Number: 12007601-043




3.0 Specific Scope
                       1. Subcontractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supplies, services,
                           taxes, insurance, governmental licenses, facilities, and competent supervision
                           necessary to complete in a good workmanlike manner the drywall. This Contract
                           also includes any item of labor, material, equipment and hardware required by all
                           governing agencies and in order to comply with the code which is not specifically
                           set forth in the plans and specifications of documents referenced above.
                          2. Subcontractor acknowledges that they have thoroughly examined and understand
                                the plans, schedule, jobsite conditions, specifications, documents, and any
                                requirements of all governing agencies having jurisdiction for this Contract.
                       3. Subcontractor shall provide adequate supervision to maintain scheduling,
                           coordination, production, quality control, code compliance, and safety practices
                           throughout construction.
                       4. Omissions from the plans and specifications shall not relieve Subcontractor from
                           the responsibility of furnishing, making, or installing all items required by code or
                           usually furnished, made, or installed in a project of the scope and general character
                           indicated by the plans and specifications.
                       5. All installed drywall must be signed off by the Contractor and any governing
                           agencies prior to the release of retention.
                       6. Subcontractor shall furnish and install all materials, labor, and equipment
                           necessary to supply, install, and finish drywall within one (1) Dog Wash Water
                           Heater Closet and five (5) Apartment Buildings consisting of two hundred twelve
                           (212) units, Retails/Restaurants, Corridors, Wheelchair Lifts, Elevators, Mechanical
                           Shafts, and Common Areas. Contract includes but is not limited to the following:

                             1. One hour (1 HR) Walls shall be one (1) layer of five-eighths of an inch (5/8")
                                 thick Type X gypsum wallboard unless noted otherwise on plans. Contract
                                 includes continuance of drywall through floor-ceiling assembly for occupancy
                                 separation and at rim joist where required; as well as down raised concrete
                                 stem walls where indicated. Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire
                                 code and any other specifications by authorities having jurisdiction.
                             2. Two hour (2 HR) Fire Walls, Stairs, Elevators, and Mechanical Shafts shall be
                                 two (2) layers of five-eighths of an inch (5/8") thick Type X gypsum wallboard
                                 unless noted otherwise on plans (fire-rated Doors and Frames by others).
                                 Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire code and any other
                                 specifications by authorities having jurisdiction. Contract includes Exterior
                                 Glass Matt drywall where required on exterior of buildings to comply with
                                 plans.
                             3. Concrete retaining walls at Basement level of Stairs at Building #1 (Type A)
                                 and Building #2 (Type A-Alt) shall be one (1) layer of five-eighths of an inch
                                 (5/8”) thick Type X gypsum wallboard over Hat Channels unless noted
                                 otherwise on plans. Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire code
                                 and any other specifications by authorities having jurisdiction.
                                4. Unit, Retail/Restaurant, Breezeway within Building #3 (Type B), Garage, and
                                   Common Area floor/ceilings shall be one (1) layer of five-eighths of an inch
                                   (5/8”) thick Type C Proprietary gypsum wallboard (or approved equal with
                                      tested assembly) and RC Channel unless noted otherwise on plans.
                                     Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire code and any other
                                 specifications by authorities having jurisdiction.
                             5. Unit, Leasing, and Retail/Restaurant roof/ceilings shall be one (1) layer of five
                                 eighths of an inch (5/8”) thick Type C Proprietary USG (or approved equal with


                                                                                                  Schedule A Page 91
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215



                                                                                      Contract Number: 12007601-043

                                   tested assembly) and RC Channel unless noted otherwise on plans.
                                   Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire code and any other
                                specifications by authorities having jurisdiction.
                             6. Corridor, Stair Landing, Storage Closet, Electrical Room, and IDF/MPOE
                                 Closet floor/ceilings shall be one (1) layer of five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) thick
                                 Type X gypsum wallboard unless noted otherwise on plans. Subcontractor
                                 shall ensure installation meets fire code and any other specifications by
                                 authorities having jurisdiction.
                                7. Corridor, Stair, Storage Closet, IDF/MPOE Closet, and Patio roof/ceilings shall
                                       be two (2) layers of five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) thick Type X gypsum
                                 wallboard unless noted otherwise on plans (stucco by others where occurs).
                                 Subcontractor shall ensure installation meets fire code and any other
                                 specifications by authorities having jurisdiction.
                             8. Contract includes one (1) layer of five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) thick Type X
                                 gypsum wallboard beneath the wooden Fitness Stair stringers, treads, and
                                 landings per details on sheet AD5.1.1.
                                  9. Subcontractor shall coordinate with Contractor, Framer, Elevator
                                 Subcontractor, and Wheelchair Lift Subcontractor as wood / metal framing will
                                 be left out as required at the front elevator/lift hoistway walls to enable
                                 installation of elevator entrances after which Subcontractor will fill in with metal
                                 stud framing and drywall per plans.
                           10. Subcontractor shall coordinate with Contractor, Framer, and Mechanical
                                 Subcontractor where wood framing is left out at mechanical shaft walls to
                                 enable installation of duct work after which Subcontractor will fill in with metal
                                 stud framing and/or shaft liner and drywall per plans and details 12/AD1.4 and 6/
                                 AD1.5 for two hour (2 HR) Shafts.
                           11. Jointing System shall include reinforcing tape and compound designed as a
                                 system, shall be used together, and shall be installed only as recommended
                                 by the manufacturer of the wallboard (drywall).
                           12. RC Channel to be Dietrich Deluxe R.C. Channel at all floor-ceiling, roof
                           ceiling, and wall assemblies as shown in plans and specifications outlined in
                           this contract. Instructions for installations are critical to follow. Use correct
                           length of screws for Gypsum into RC. Install parallel rows in one (1) direction. 13.
                           Acoustical Sealant at walls at each layer.
                           14. Double layer drywall staggered joints.
                           15. Acoustic caulk at electrical boxes in party walls and wall/ceiling intersections
                                 at party walls.
                           16. Furnish and install drywall for one hour (1 HR) and two hour (2 HR) Area
                                 Separations, Party walls, Floor-Ceiling, Roof-Ceiling, and Wall Assemblies as
                                 noted in plans.
                           17. Drywall mechanical vent shafts per plans and details.
                           18. Draft stops shall be per City code including attic draft stop/curtain parallel to
                                 roof trusses, party walls, firewalls, and in floor spaces as required and local
                                 code requirements. Install attic draft stop as shown in the plans referenced in
                                 this Contract. All five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) thick Type X fire blocking and
                                 draft stops are required per plan and specification Draft stop/curtain in the
                                 attic per the Fire Code. This effort shall be coordinated with the Fire Sprinkler
                                 Subcontractor for location.
                           19. All metal drops in units, garages, corridors/breezeways, stairwells, and
                                 amenity areas. Metal framing above cabinets to be coordinated with cabinet




                                                                                                   Schedule A Page 101
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215



                                                                                       Contract Number: 12007601-043

                                    shop drawings and layout approved by Project Superintendent prior to
                                framing.
                           20. Metal framed walls in units where specifically identified in Poway Metal Stud
                                Walls Exhibit e-mailed to Subcontractor on March 30, 2023.
                           21. Metal framed walls on either side of Yoga Room TVs as noted on ID Plans. 22.
                           Metal framed knockout walls in Garage A1.4 and Garage A1.5 located in
                           Building #4 (Type C) and Building #5 (Type D) per plans.
                               23. Metal framing and additional drywall layers at interior cross corridor double
                               egress and pocket doors at the two hour (2 HR) rated fire walls. Coordinate as
                                   necessary with Contractor, Framer, and Finish Carpentry Subcontractor.
                           24. Contract includes all backing in metal framing for cabinets, tub valves, bath
                                accessories, handicap grab bars, etc.
                            25. Metal framing and drywall at mechanical shafts, soffits, and dropped ceilings. 26.
                                  All prelim to be five-eighths of an inch (5/8") thick Interior Glass Matt drywall
                                for all heat bays, lined joist bays, tubs, furred out plumbing walls, back-to-back
                                 electrical boxes, icemaker boxes, laundry boxes, electrical panel bays, MSDE
                                bays, recessed can light boxes, exhaust fan boxes, dryer duct, corridor drops,
                                     vent shafts, or any other penetration in floor-ceiling and/or roof-ceiling.
                           27. Contract includes prelim at underside of floor sheathing near tub traps per
                                detail 20/AD1.2.
                           28. Interior Glass Matt drywall at all dead spaces where drywall is required or
                                shown.
                           29. Metal furring for heat bays where required.
                           30. Electrical outlets on Party Walls that occur back-to-back less than twenty-four
                                 inches (24”) apart shall have double layer drywall applied to the back of stud bay.
                             31. One-half inch (½”) thick Dens Shield Tile Backer board (or approved equal) at
                                   bathtub and shower tile surrounds. Contract includes six inch (6”) strip of
                                    building paper between the moisture resistant drywall and the tile backer
                                 board per Fairfield Standards. Subcontractor shall continue second sheet of
                                drywall to end of wall or outside corner as necessary.
                           32. Standard five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) type “X” drywall shall be used for all
                                 production drywall. All production hanging shall be screwed off, nailing is
                                 prohibited.
                           33. Moisture-resistant drywall to be used in Bath Tubs, Bath sink walls, Laundry,
                                Water heater/Boiler rooms, and Kitchen sink walls.
                             34. Wrap structural steel beams and/or columns with five-eighths of an inch (5/8”)
                                Exterior Glass Matt drywall (where required) per details on sheet AD1.3 or as
                                   authorized in writing by Architect of Record. Contract includes clips and/or
                                    metal studs as required. Sheet metal covers (where required) by others.
                           35. Wrap structural wood beams with five-eighths of an inch (5/8”) type ‘X’ drywall
                                 (where required) per details 11,12/AD1.3.
                           36. Wrap non-structural beams that support Garage Door Openers with five
                                 eighths of an inch (5/8”) type ‘X’ drywall.
                           37. Protection of other trades’ work and finish materials. Subcontractor shall be
                                responsible for laying plastic sheeting protection down over garage finish
                                floors and exposed stem walls prior to tape and texture.
                           38. Square metal corner bead shall be used for all outside corners and applicable
                                openings. Corner bead shall be crimped and nailed in place using a level to
                                ensure metal is installed plumb and level.




                                                                                                  Schedule A Page 111
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215



                                                                                      Contract Number: 12007601-043

                           39. All other materials not specifically described but required for a complete
                                installation of the work shall be new and of high quality of their respective
                                kinds.
                           40. Fire tape finish for maintenance closets, boiler rooms, electrical rooms,
                                MPOE/IDF closets, elevators, mechanical closets, storage rooms, and
                                Retail/Restaurant.
                           41. Subcontractor shall add a second layer of drywall for sound isolation on any
                                bedroom wall that abuts a party wall where indicated on plans unless there is
                                minimum three-eighths of an inch (⅜”) shear panel on at least one (1) side. If
                                two bedrooms occur on both sides of the party wall, only one of the bedrooms
                                will require the second layer of drywall.
                             42. Wall and Ceiling Texture Finish in Apartment Units, Garages, Storage Closets,
                               Corridors, Stairs, and Maintenance Garage shall include tape and three (3) full
                              coats of drywall mud on all joints and screw holes with sprayed “medium orange-
                                     peel” finish on walls and ceilings. Drywall texture to be applied so as to
                                   leave no noticeable grooves or ridges. “Smooth Wall” shall be level 5 with
                                  smooth finish at all amenity areas. Retail/Restaurant, Elevator, Wheelchair
                                 Lift, and Mechanical Shafts to remain as taped finish. Texture finish samples
                                  shall be provided and approved by Project Manager prior to the start of job.
                       7. Subcontractor has guaranteed their drywall material and labor pricing through the
                          duration of this Contract.
                       8. Subcontractor shall hang, screw, provide interior scaffolding, and supervision for
                          the installation and completion of all drywall including the finishing and texturing
                          associated with the Units, Garages, Common Areas, Corridors/Breezeways
                          (ceilings on truss assembly), and Stairwells (ceilings on truss assembly) per the
                          applicable plans and specifications for a complete turnkey job.
                       9. Subcontractor shall install drywall according to the manufacturer's instructions and
                          installation shall meet all requirements of local codes and regulations and shall be
                          in accordance with the Gypsum Association GA-216 – “Recommend Specifications
                          for the Application and Finishing of Gypsum Panel Products". This includes all
                          shear wall nailing specifications per Structural Engineer and governing authorities
                          having jurisdiction.
                      10. Subcontractor is responsible for verifying installation of the fire sprinkler head
                           protective covers and notifying the Project Superintendent of any missing covers or
                           leaks. Any heads damaged or sprayed shall be the responsibility of this
                           Subcontractor along with any costs associated with the replacement of damage
                          due to drywall operations.
                      11. Subcontractor is responsible for coordinating the delivery, unloading, stocking,
                          shoring, and protection (from damage and weather) of drywall throughout the entire
                          construction period. Protection shall include a protective material atop drywall to
                          prevent gouges to drywall and the wrapping and duct taping of drywall stacks to
                          protect from water. A stocking plan shall be submitted for approval prior to stocking
                          to ensure overstocking and layout is not in conflict. When stocking, Subcontractor
                          shall distribute the material to avoid concentrated loads on floor joists and shall
                          provide floor bracing as necessary and as required by Contractor. Prelim drywall to
                          be stocked separately from production drywall. Stocking of production drywall will
                          take place after rough trades are complete per the schedule provided by
                          Contractor. Any drywall stocked leaning against walls where it could potentially fall
                          over will need to be properly secured by Subcontractor.
                        12. Units shall be stocked in a timely manner so as not to hinder production or interfere
                             with other trades. Drywall stocking to take place prior to installation of windows.


                                                                                                Schedule A Page 121
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215



                                                                                     Contract Number: 12007601-043

                           Should the Subcontractor, his employees, or suppliers damage or remove
                          scaffolding, framing members, window mullions, etc., the Subcontractor shall be
                          held accountable for replacing and/or repairing all damages at his cost and to the
                          satisfaction of Contractor.
                      13. Subcontractor shall provide necessary cut-outs and framed openings for access
                           panels supplied by other trades (i.e. water submeter, plumbing, fire sprinkler,
                           mechanical, etc.). Contract includes installation and protection of access panels
                           prior to texture. Trades shall be responsible to spread their panels to appropriate
                           locations prior to installation by Subcontractor.
                      14. Subcontractor shall provide a full time foreman to be on the job during drywall
                           delivery, installation, and finishing. This includes punch out and sufficient
                           manpower to maintain the job progress schedule.
                      15. At the completion of installation in each room or area within a Building,
                           Subcontractor shall promptly pick up and remove from the work area all scraps,
                           debris, surplus materials, and scrape all joint compounds from the floor and
                           electrical boxes. Subcontractor shall leave all work areas broom cleaned. Units,
                           Corridors/Breezeways, and Garages shall be scraped and power washed if
                           required.
                         16. Subcontractor is responsible for all touch-up and minor repairs caused by damage
                            from other trades and shall provide one (1) full time pick-up/patch person (or more
                             as required) on the job at all times. Contract includes all reasonable patching for
                          Units and Common Areas at time of finish; any and all repairs shall be documented
                             per unit and agreed to by Project Superintendent prior to the start of any repairs.
                      17. Any and all work considered extra to the Contract must be agreed to and approved
                           by the Project Manager, prior to commencement of work. The Project
                               Superintendent has no authority to approve extra work to the Contract.
                      18. Subcontractor and/or his employees shall park vehicles in designated areas, as
                           instructed by the Project Superintendent and shall be responsible to protect and
                          clean at all times driveways, garage areas, and any other parking areas.
                     19. Notifying the Project Superintendent of missing insulation prior to hanging shall be
                          the Subcontractor’s responsibility. Failure to notify Contractor shall result in
                          removing and replacement of board at Subcontractor’s expense.
                     20. Subcontractor shall scribe, detail, sand, and caulk all angles, ceilings, and walls,
                          etc. as soon as possible following texture operation, prior to paint. Cleanup of units
                          shall be accomplished the day following the texture operations.
                     21. Special care shall be taken in screwing, staggering of joints, and ensuring that
                          breaks in drywall do not occur on the corners of any opening or under any
                          windows. Window openings, closets, water closet, utility rooms, and any other
                          exposed areas (under and behind cabinets) shall be finished to ‘wall’ quality; corner
                          bead shall be free of dents, ripples, and/or other such defects.
                       22. Limited use of water for clean-up is permitted. Clean-up includes but is not limited
                                to overspray on windows, window tracks, tubs, door casing, stucco etc.
                     23. Fire protection of openings with gaps greater than three-eighths of an inch (⅜”) in
                          drywall is required (i.e. fire taping, fire caulking, fire mud, etc.).
                         24. Subcontractor shall inspect each area before commencement of hanging of
                          drywall. Once hanging commences, Subcontractor signifies acceptance of the
                              rough wall and ceiling framing as being plumb and true. If necessary,
                          Subcontractor will install shims where required to ensure smooth ceilings/walls and
                          square window insets.
                     25. Subcontractor shall walk all units and accept by signing off framing straight edge,
                          prior to hanging production drywall.



                                                                                                  Schedule A Page 131
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-A945-55EE57D46215



                                                                                       Contract Number: 12007601-043

                     26. Subcontractor shall measure and cut out for switch boxes, electrical receptacles,
                          and light boxes before drywall is installed. Cutouts to be tight to minimize excessive
                          tape and mud. Boxes shall be string-lined for alignment prior to drywall
                              installation. No board shall be installed if boxes are out of alignment.
                          Subcontractor is responsible for repairing at no additional charge any cut outs
                     needed by other trades to locate items covered up by the drywall installation. 27.
                     Subcontractor shall ensure drywall at all supply and return registers is tightly cut
                     and mudded as required for air leakage HERS Testing and compliance with
                     CALGREEN and Title 24 requirements (final caulking by others).
                     28. Subcontractor shall tape, float, skim, and sand all walls and ceilings. All windows,
                          doors, and doorframes shall be masked off prior to texture. Upon completion of
                          texture, windows and frame shall be cleaned of excess drywall mud. Window
                          returns shall receive a smooth finish, no texture.
                     29. Drywall pickup operations shall include the following:

                              1. Following texture operations, pre-paint pickup prior to paint.
                                2. Following hard surface installation, final pickup prior to carpet.
                            3. Following setting of all finish materials and just prior to management’s
                                acceptance inspection. Any required repairs to the drywall prior to final
                                   acceptance is the responsibility of the Subcontractor and shall be
                                   accomplished within twenty-four hours (24 HR) of notification.

                     30. Subcontractor shall be responsible for all windows or wall framing removed for
                         stocking drywall in buildings. Subcontractor shall promptly and properly replace
                         windows and wall framing or be backcharged by Contractor if adjustments are
                         necessary.
                     31. Prior to hanging drywall, Subcontractor shall have a meeting with the Project
                          Superintendent, Architect, and City of Poway Inspectors to clarify all installation
                          procedures.
                     32. Subcontractor shall be responsible for any and all costs associated from cleaning
                         tools in tubs and/or sinks.
                     33. Subcontractor is responsible for supplying and maintaining a Washout Bin for their
                          operations throughout the duration of the Project. Washout containment will be
                          supplied and managed at all times to keep drywall mud from entering into streets or
                          dirt based on the State of California SWPPP requirements. Subcontractor shall
                          coordinate location with Project Superintendent prior to delivery.
                      34. Subcontractor is responsible for all Drywall clean-up to Subcontractor-provided bins
                           and haul away to an approved recycling dealer. No waste material from this
                           Subcontractor shall be placed in Contractor’s dumpsters. Subcontractor shall also
                           follow City of Poway Recycle and Re-Use programs and provide recycling reports
                           and documentation to Project Manager or Project Superintendent on a monthly basis.
                      35. Subcontractor understands that they have agreed to Contractor’s construction
                           schedule and shall maintain the allotted time frames for installation of all drywall
                           based on completing five (5) units each day.
                      36. Subcontractor shall correct all third party inspection deficiency items found upon
                           inspection. Corrections must be made within a twenty-four hour (24 HR) period in
                           order to maintain production schedule.
                      37. Subcontractor is responsible for maintaining the Contractor’s construction sign-off
                           sheets for each Building as it pertains to each completed task.
                      38. Alternate cost to eliminate one (1) layer of Type X drywall at Rim Joist shall be a
                           deduct to this Contract at a rate of forty thousand three hundred twenty dollars
                           (<$40,320>).

                                                                                                Schedule A Page 141
DocuSign Envelope ID: 07B1FABA-B03B-46F3-                     4.0 Exclusions
A945-55EE57D46215
                                                              1. All RSIC clips (unless noted otherwise).
                                                              2. Exterior scaffolding (by others).



                                                              Contract Number: 12007601-043
                       3. Masking at floors or exposed concrete (unless noted otherwise).
                       4. All additional layers of drywall to flush out walls where shear no longer occurs. 5.
                       Offsite parking.
                       6. Permits, bonds, and fees.
                       7. Fuel or heaters to heat units.
                       8. Drywall or sheathing on exterior buildings (except where shown on plans). 9.
                       Drywall on patio ceilings/lids except where required for truss assembly (stucco and state-
                       required inspection vents by others).
                      10. Fire caulking (unless noted otherwise).
                      11. Acoustical Insulation.
                      12. Backer Rod.
                      13. Supply of Access Panels (unless noted otherwise).
                      14. Draftstop Doors (by others).
                      15. Air Leakage Caulking (by others).
                      16. Caulking of windows (by others).
                      17. Patching off man-lifts.
                      18. Twenty-two inch by thirty inch (22” × 30”) one-hour (1 HR) fire-rated Attic Access
                           Doors per detail 14/AD3.2 (by others).
                      19. Non-rated Plywood Draftstop Doors per detail 16/AD3.3 (by others). 20.
                      Walls and Ceilings at Plaza 2 Podium Deck, Bus Stop Shelter, and Dog Wash
                      structure.
                      21. Firestop Sealant or Mineral Wool at intersection of Ceilings and Lined Joist Bays
                           (by others).
