DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4




            1.       Speci c Scope
                      1. Subcontractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supplies, services,
                         taxes, insurance, governmental licenses, facilities, and competent supervision
                         necessary to complete in a good workmanlike manner the drywall, metal stud
                         framing where required, for an apartment unit complex consisting of two (2)
                         residential buildings consisting of three hundred sixteen (316) units, over one (1)
                         Parking Garage and two (2) Level split Podium with Leasing Office, Club House,
                         Fitness Room, Business Center and Roof Deck and amenity areas.
                      2. Subcontractor acknowledges that this Contract also includes any item of labor,
                         material, and equipment required by all governing agencies and to comply with
                         the code which is not specifically set forth in the plans and specifications of the
                         documents referenced above.
                      3. Subcontractor acknowledges that they have thoroughly examined and understand
                         the plans, schedule, jobsite conditions, specifications, documents, and any
                         requirements of all governing agencies having jurisdiction for this Contract.
                      4. Subcontractor shall provide adequate supervision to maintain scheduling,
                         coordination, production, quality control, code compliance, and safety
                         practices throughout construction.
                      5. Subcontractor shall provide a full-time foreman. Foreman shall be on the job during
                         material delivery, installation, and finishing. This includes all pick-up work and
                         punch list items with sufficient manpower to maintain the job schedule.
                      6. Omissions from the plans and specifications shall not relieve Subcontractor from
                         the responsibility of furnishing, making, or installing all items required by code or
                         usually furnished, made, or installed in a project of the scope and general
                         character indicated by the plans and specifications.
                      7. Subcontractor shall be responsible for verifying with the Project Superintendent
                         that they have the latest set of plans and specifications approved for
                         construction before starting work.
                      8. Subcontractor shall notify the Project Superintendent in writing of any
                         deficiencies that would hinder Subcontractor’s performance or code violation in
                         advance of Subcontractor’s scheduled work.
                      9. Subcontractor shall agree that this is a lump sum Contract and there shall be
                         no extra costs passed on to Contractor unless a change in writing is made by
                         the Contractor for Contractor or Design Consultant initiated changes.
                     10. Subcontractor agrees that all shortages and/or errors within Subcontractor’s and/or
                         their supplier’s control will be expedited to meet the construction schedule. Any
                         delays occurring from these shortages and/or errors shall be held against the
                         Subcontractor’s billings.
                     11. Subcontractor shall attend a pre-job meeting with the Contractor to review all
                         pertinent details and specifications. If Subcontractor has any disagreements
                         or questions as to the installation method, application of materials or details,
                         Subcontractor shall submit in writing, to Contractor concerns prior to
                         commencement of work.
       fi
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                Contract Number: 11398601-035

                     12. All installed drywall shall be signed off by the Contractor and any
                         governing agencies prior to the release of retention.
                     13. Subcontractor shall layout and under snap wall lines for metal stud framing on
                         the podium level concrete formwork for coordination with MEPS trades in a timely
                         manner after survey control is established. Survey control shall be obtained from
                         the Project Superintendent in advance for coordination purposes with the metal
                         stud framing within the podium level, and wood framed level above and wall
                         alignment.
                     14. Subcontractor shall layout and set blue banger inserts in the concrete formwork
                         per detail 11/S502 where required within the podium for exterior wall framing and/
                         or where over framing occurs with or without soffits.
                     15. Subcontractor shall provide layout snap sheets to Contractor.
                     16. Subcontractor shall hang, screw, provide scaffolding and supervision for the
                         installation, placing, and completion of all drywall including the finishing and
                         texturing associated with the units, common areas, amenities, and stairwells per
                         the applicable plans and specifications for a complete turnkey job. Exterior
                         scaffold shall be provided by others.
                     17. Subcontractor shall install drywall according to the manufacturer's instructions and
                         installation and shall meet all requirements of local codes and regulations and be
                         in accordance with the Gypsum Association GA-216 "Recommended
                         Specifications for the Application and Finishing of Gypsum Board" and/or per City
                         of San Diego codes.
                     18. Subcontractor shall provide, erect, and assemble all scaffolding required for this
                         scope of work per code and Cal-OSHA requirements.
                     19. Subcontractor agrees that scaffolding provided by the Lath & Plaster
                         subcontractor shall be used by this Subcontractor. Subcontractor shall execute a
                         release form provided by the Lath & Plaster subcontractor prior to use of
                         scaffolding. Failure to execute use agreement with Lath & Plaster subcontractor
                         shall require this Subcontractor to provide their own scaffolding.
                     20. Subcontractor shall remove all scaffolding where provided by Subcontractor
                         within two (2) days when requested by Contractor to do so. Failure to do so will
                         result in the Subcontractor being responsible for delays incurred by other trades
                         that may be impacted.
                     21. Subcontractor understands that they have agreed to Contractor’s construction
                         schedule and shall maintain the allotted time frames for installation of all
                         drywall based on completing five (5) units each day.
                     22. Subcontractor must complete scope of work for the apartment building in
                         sequential order of all phases, units and floors, from the top floor down,
                         and exteriors to allow for work of other trades.
                     23. Subcontractor shall have a meeting with the Project Superintendent, Architect, and
                         City of San Diego Inspectors to clarify all installation procedures prior to hanging
                         drywall.
                     24. Subcontractor shall be responsible for coordinating the delivery, unloading,
                         stocking, shoring, and protection (from damage and weather) of drywall
                         throughout the entire construction period. Protection shall include a protective
                         material atop drywall to prevent gouges to drywall and the wrapping and duct
                         taping of drywall stacks to protect from water. A stocking plan shall be submitted
                         for approval prior to stocking to ensure overstocking and layout is not in conflict.
                         When stocking, Subcontractor shall distribute the material to avoid concentrated
                         loads on floor joists and shall provide floor bracing as necessary and as required
                         by Contractor. Prelim drywall to be stocked separately from production drywall.
                         Stocking of production drywall will take place after rough trades are complete per
                         the schedule
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                  Contract Number: 11398601-035

                         provided by Contractor. Any drywall stocked leaning against walls where it could
                         potentially fall over will need to be properly secured by Subcontractor or moved to
                         the actual location for install to maintain OSHA compliance.
                     25. Units shall be stocked in a timely manner so as not to hinder production or
                         interfere with other trades. Should the Subcontractor, his/her employees, or
                         suppliers damage or remove scaffolding, framing members, window mullions, etc.,
                         the Subcontractor shall be held accountable for replacing and/or repairing all
                         damages at his cost and to the satisfaction of Contractor.
                     26. Subcontractor shall install no drywall without first being signed off by Electrical
                         Foreman, Framing Foreman, Drywall Foreman, and the Project
                         Superintendent.
                     27. Subcontractor is responsible for verifying installation of the fire sprinkler head
                         protective covers and notifying the Project Superintendent of missing covers or
                         leaks. Any heads damaged or sprayed shall be the responsibility of this
                         Subcontractor along with any cost associated with the replacement of damage
                         due to drywall operations.
                     28. Subcontractor understands that standing in tubs shall not be permitted. Scrapping
                         and cleaning of units of all drywall-related materials and legal off-site disposal
                         shall be accomplished immediately upon completion of drywall hanging and upon
                         completion of texture operations.
                     29. Subcontractor shall provide adequate protection for adjacent work of other trades
                         so as not to cause damage. Any adjacent work damaged by this Subcontractor
                         shall be repaired or replaced solely at Subcontractor’s expense.
                     30. Subcontractor shall ensure that all other materials, not specifically described but
                         required for a complete and operable installation of the work, shall be new and
                         of high quality of their respective kinds.
                     31. Subcontractor shall furnish and install all drywall and metal framing within or
                         around the garage and podium, apartments, and amenity areas. All metal soffits,
                         over framing, drops and metal plumbing walls in the garage, podium, units,
                         corridors, and amenity areas. All metal framing and furring within the garage and
                         podium at door openings, elevator shafts, drops, lobbies, mechanical shafts,
                         and building exterior. All metal backing at tub valves are included. All
                         miscellaneous metal framing and drywall per plans and details and as outlined
                         in this Contract, including but not limited to:

                            1. All drywall shall be 5/8” Type X fire rated unless indicated or specified
                               otherwise.
                            2. All prelim drywall shall be installed prior to MEP installation and include heat
                               bays, lined joist bays, tubs, tub traps, furred out plumbing walls, back-to-
                               back electrical boxes, icemaker boxes, laundry boxes, electrical and smart
                               panel bays, recessed can light boxes if required, exhaust fan boxes, or any
                               other penetrations in floor-ceiling and/or roof-ceiling. For critical areas
                               exposed to weather, Subcontractor shall include the below material at the
                               specific locations identified for $91,136 which is included in this Subcontract.
                               Subcontractor shall conduct a joint walk with Contractor to verify amount
                               installed. If installed amount is more or less than indicated below, a Change
                               Order will be issued to adjust the Subcontractor amount, accordingly,
                               corresponding with line item #79 breakdown below.

                                  1. 5/8” Mold Curb behind all plumbing walls and tubs.
                                  2. 5/8” Dens Armor above all corridor drops.
                                  3. 5/8” Dens Armor at half (50%) of all joist bays.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                  Contract Number: 11398601-035

                                  4. 5/8” Dens Armor for all Steel Posts and Beams.

                            3. Roof/Ceiling Assemblies shall include two (2) layers of 5/8” drywall and
                               continue to the roof with one (1) or two (2) layers for 1-Hr and 2-Hr conditions
                               where shown and as detailed, accordingly. Light gauge nailers included
                               where shown and as required.
                            4. Unit Floor Ceiling Assemblies shall include one (1) layer of ¾” Pabco Sound
                               Curb fire rated drywall where hard surfaces occur in wood framing over
                               Dietrich Deluxe resilient channel spaced at 24” on center per details on A9-
                               6.3.
                            5. Corridor Floor Ceiling Assembly shall include one (1) layer of 5/8” type X
                               drywall to bottom of floor joists per Detail 09/A9-6.6.
                            6. Balcony Roof Ceiling Assembly shall include two (2) layers 5/8” Dens Glass
                               Gold under plaster finish per Detail 12/A9-7.6.
                            7. Unit Demising Walls shall include one (1) layer of 5/8” drywall each side with a
                               1” air gap from slab to floor ceiling per Wall Type W4.05 on A8-1.5. Provide an
                               additional layer of drywall for acoustics where bedrooms or living rooms are
                               located and/or as identified by heavy dashed lines on Section A, B, and C plan
                               sheets for and corresponding wall legend. An additional layer of drywall shall
                               be provided for all Demising Walls within the Type 1 to meet acoustic
                               requirements per Wall Type M2.01. A total of four (4) layers where bedrooms
                               or living rooms are located along a corridor.
                            8. Unit to Corridor Demising Walls shall include one (1) layer of 5/8” drywall
                               each side with an additional layer on the corridor side per Wall Type W4.07 on
                               A8-
                               1.5 and Wall Type M6.01A on A8-1.4 where there is no shear panel shown. A
                               total of four (4) layers shall be included where bedrooms or living rooms are
                               located along a corridor. Where shear panel is located, it shall constitute one
                               (1) layer of drywall.
                            9. One-hour exterior wall at wood framed areas shall include one (1) layer of
                               5/8” drywall on the interior side per details 17-20 on A9-6.6.
                           10. Three-hour area separation walls shall include two (2) proprietary layers of
                               National Gypsum Brand 1” shaft liner and two (2) layers National Brand
                               Gold Bond Fire Shield 5/8” type C installed with 2” H-stud from the slab to
                               underside of roof sheathing and continuous through the floor joists per Wall
                               Type W4.12.
                           11. Three-hour walls at the corridor shall include three (3) layers of Pabco 5/8”
                               type C drywall each of 1-5/8” 20-gauge metal studs per Wall Type M4.07.
                           12. Two-hour exterior walls shall include two (2) layers of 5/8” fire rated drywall on
                               the interior side with one (1) layer of 5/8” Dens Glass Gold on the exterior
                               side. Where metal panel exterior finish occurs, two (2) layers of 5/8” Dens
                               Glass Gold shall be included.
                           13. Two-hour rated stair, elevator and trash chute shafts shall include two (2)
                               layers of 5/8” fire rated drywall each side including rim joists per Wall Type
                               W6.05.
                           14. Two-hour shafts at Type I areas to receive one (1) proprietary layer of Georgia
                               Pacific Brand 1” Dens Glass Shaft-liner and two (2) proprietary layers Georgia
                               Pacific brand 5/8” Tough Rock fireguard X installed with 2 ½” CH studs per
                               Wall Type M2.02A.
                           15. Two-hour shafts at Type III areas shall include two (2) layers of 5/8” drywall
                               each side pe Wall Type W6.03 and with a 1” air gap where shaft occurs at
                               demising walls per Wall Type W6.05.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                 Contract Number: 11398601-035

                           16. Tub and shower tile locations shall include one (1) layer 1/2” Dens Shield Tile
                               Backer over one layer of 5/8” Dens Armor per Wall Type W6.04. Includes a
                               six-inch (6”) strip of building paper between moisture resistant drywall and
                               tile backer per detail 3/A9-6.6.
                           17. Roof parapet walls shall include one (1) layer 5/8” Dens Glass Gold at exterior
                               side.
                           18. Floor joist bays with ductwork shall be lined with one (1) layer of 5/8” drywall
                               per detail 15/A9-6.4 other than where material and locations differ per line
                               item #68 below.
                           19. Steel posts and beams shall include one (1) layer and two (2) layers of 1/2”
                               and 5/8” Dens Armor Glass Mat where required and shown, including 1-5/8”
                               metal studs corresponding with details on A9-5.5 and A9-5.6 and alternate
                               option per Item #31.2.4 above and Item #75 below.
                           20. Metal stud framing for furred ceilings areas at units and corridors shall be one
                               (1) 5/8” 25 gauge unless indicated and detailed otherwise.
                           21. Trash chute fronts shall be per Wall Type M2.02 typical as indicated per detail
                               5/A9-5.5.
                           22. Elevator smoke doors shall be framed with 3-5/8” and 6” 25-gauge metal
                               studs and one (1) layer drywall each side per typical detail 13/A9-6.6
                               unless indicated and detailed otherwise.
                           23. Offset fire walls at corridors shall be per detail 12/A9-6.5 unless indicated
                               and detailed otherwise.
                           24. Ceiling bracing below podium deck liner units shall be attached to the deck
                               per plans and details or at six feet (6’) on center with drilled titan screw
                               anchors upon submittal approval. Structural detail 11/S006 limits
                               penetration into post tensioned concrete deck to ¾” maximum.
                           25. Metal stud interior walls at the Type I areas shall be 1-5/8” to 6” wide 20 gauge
                               with slotted slip track per Wall Types and details on A-8.13 and A-1.4 unless
                               indicated and detailed otherwise.
                           26. Metal stud exterior walls shall be 6” 18 gauge with slotted slip track for Type I
                               areas per plans and details unless indicated and detailed otherwise.
                           27. Metal stud over framing walls at exterior garage/podium level shall include 3-
                               5/8” 33mils thick deep structural tracks at 4’ feet on center vertically attached
                               to the concrete walls with two 3/8” x 2-1/2” Titen HD anchors at 32” on
                               center and 3-5/8” deep structural studs shall be attached with two #10 SMS
                               screws at each stud spaced 24” on center per detail 7/S502. Includes
                               anchoring to concrete base at bottom of wall. Coating for both shall be
                               standard G60.
                           28. Non-Bearing metal stud wall tracks shall be attached with Hilt X-C shot pins,
                               or approved equal upon approved submittal, with 1-1/4” minimum
                               embedment at 32” on center and ¾” embedment @ at 6” on center at post
                               tensioned slabs/decks per detail 5/S010.
                           29. Double stud jambs for door and wall openings shall be provided, including box
                               headers where required per details 9 & 12 on S006.
                           30. Where amenities are adjacent to a residential unit, provide typical demising
                               construction as shown and four layers of 5/8” drywall. Where shear panel
                               is shown, shear panel shall constitute one (1) layer of drywall.
                           31. Where residential units #533 & #534 are located below the business center
                               amenity area, provide Kinetics Wave Hanger in lieu of resilient channel, only
                               where a suspended ceiling is unable to be provided, and include two (2)
                               layers of 5/8” drywall.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                  Contract Number: 11398601-035

                           32. Subcontractor shall provide all draft stops per City and governing agency code
                               requirements including “pre-rock” for fur-downs, AC drops, tubs, chases,
                               electrical boxes, attic draft stop parallel to roof trusses and 25-gauge metal
                               stud backing if required, party walls, firewalls, and in floor spaces if required.
                               All fire blocking and stops shall be 5/8” drywall. Draft stops shall be installed
                               per plan and specs as shown and detailed. Dead space cavity ceilings and
                               walls included.
                           33. Subcontractor shall include all required metal stud framed full height and
                               combo walls, soffits and drops, including the dropped soffit between the
                               mail room and bike room per ID Dwgs, in the garage, including all furred
                               wall conditions where shown and detailed, corresponding with the Wall
                               Types on A8-1.3 and A8-1.4.
                           34. Soffit framing above cabinets shall be coordinated with cabinet shop
                               drawings and layout approved by Project Superintendent prior to framing.
                           35. Subcontractor shall provide all backing in metal framing for cabinets, tub
                               valves, bath accessories, handicap grab bars, including tub valves in the
                               wood framed areas.
                           36. Moisture-resistant drywall shall be provided for bathtubs, bath sink walls,
                               laundry, kitchen sink walls and all other wet areas.
                           37. Metal stud framing and backer board at roof deck amenity structures as
                               shown on the Landscape drawings.

                     32. Subcontractor shall provide the following finish for all drywall which includes but
                         is not limited to the following:

                            1. Apartment units, corridors, and resident storage shall be sprayed medium
                               orange-peel finish on walls and ceilings.
                            2. Level 5 “Smooth Wall” with prep-coat to be used on all walls and ceilings at
                               all Amenity areas as identified on the Architectural and Interior Design
                               drawings and details.
                            3. Texture finishes shall be provided and approved by Project Manager prior to
                               the start of job.
                            4. Standard corner bead: Shall be used for all outside vertical and horizontal
                               corners and applicable openings and shall be crimped and nailed in
                               place using a level to ensure metal is installed plumb and level.
                            5. All production hanging shall be screwed off, nailing is prohibited.

                     33. Subcontractor shall provide necessary cut-outs and framed openings for access
                         panels supplied by other trades (i.e., water submeter, plumbing, fire sprinkler,
                         mechanical, etc.). Contract includes installation and protection of access panels
                         prior to texture.
                     34. Subcontractor and/or his employees shall park vehicles in designated areas, as
                         instructed by the Project Superintendent and shall be responsible to protect and
                         keep clean driveways, garage areas, and any other parking areas. This is a
                         privilege and if abused, Contractor shall instruct Subcontractor to park
                         elsewhere.
                     35. Subcontractor shall remove temporary wood platforms at each level inside elevator
                         shaft after drywall install is complete.
                     36. Subcontractor will coordinate with Contractor, framing, elevator subcontractors
                         as wood/metal framing will be left out as required at the front elevator shaft walls
                         to enable installation of elevator entrances after which Subcontractor will fill in
                         with metal stud framing M6.03.
                     37. Subcontractor shall repair all holes and gaps in elevator shaft after elevator is
                         installed prior to state inspection.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                  Contract Number: 11398601-035

                     38. Subcontractor shall provide and install drywall at stairwells including walls, ceilings,
                         and understairs in stairway cavities for fire protection as detailed and required.
                     39. Subcontractor shall notify the Project Superintendent of missing insulation prior
                         to hanging. Failure to notify Contractor shall result in removing and replacement
                         of board at Subcontractor’s expense.
                     40. Subcontractor shall acknowledge that electrical outlets on party walls that
                         occur back-to-back less than twenty-four inches (24”) apart shall have double
                         layer drywall applied to back of stud bay as required by code and per the plans
                         and specifications.
                     41. Subcontractor shall provide and install screws per plans, specifications, and City
                         of San Diego.
                     42. Subcontractor shall ensure that care shall be taken in screwing, staggering of
                         joints, and ensuring that breaks in drywall do not occur on the corners of any
                         opening or under any windows. Window openings, closets, water closet, utility
                         rooms, and any other exposed areas (under and behind cabinets) shall be
                         finished to ‘wall’ quality; corner bead shall be free of dents, ripples, and/or other
                         such defects.
                     43. Subcontractor shall provide and install the Jointing System per the following: The
                         jointing system shall include reinforcing tape and compound designed as a
                         system, shall be used together, and shall be installed only as recommended by the
                         manufacturer of the wallboard (drywall).
                     44. Subcontractor shall provide and install acoustical sealant at walls at each layer
                         and acoustical caulk at electrical boxes in party walls and wall/ceiling intersections
                         at party walls.
                     45. Fire protection of openings with gaps greater than three-eighths of an inch (⅜”)
                         in drywall is required (i.e., fire taping, fire caulking, fire mud, etc.).
                     46. Subcontractor shall inspect each area before commencement of hanging of
                         drywall. Once hanging commences, Subcontractor signifies acceptance of the
                         rough wall and ceiling framing as being plumb and true. If necessary,
                         Subcontractor will install shims where required to ensure smooth ceilings/walls
                         and square window insets.
                     47. Subcontractor shall measure and cut out for switch boxes, electrical receptacles,
                         and light boxes before drywall is installed. Cutouts to be tight to minimize
                         excessive tape and mud. Boxes shall be string-lined for alignment prior to drywall
                         installation. No board shall be installed if boxes are out of alignment.
                         Subcontractor is responsible for repairing at no additional charge any cut outs
                         needed by other trades to locate items covered up by the drywall installation.
                     48. Subcontractor shall fire tape finish for exterior closets, mechanical closets, and
                         electrical closets unless interior closets are required to be sanded and finished
                         as indicated otherwise.
                     49. Subcontractor is aware gypcrete will be installed after production sheetrock is
                         installed and prior to taping start. Floors to be swept clean after scrap out with
                         no mud boxes or other material stored on floors receiving gypcrete.
                     50. Any and all work considered extra to the Contract must be agreed to and approved
                         by the Project Manager, prior to commencement of work. Once extra work has
                         been agreed to, a formal change order must be submitted within ten (10) working
                         days. If amount of change order is unknown, change order shall include a not to
                         exceed amount. Field tickets signed by the Project Superintendent must be
                         provided within three (3) days of work completion for payment to be made on the
                         change order. Failure to get approval from the Project Manager or provide the
                         change order documentation within the allotted time will potentially result in
                         withholding of payments.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                  Contract Number: 11398601-035

                     51. Subcontractor shall remove all trash and other debris that have been generated as
                         a result of drywall operations. Subcontractor is responsible to follow City of San
                         Diego Recycle and Reuse policies. All documentation related to City of San Diego
                         Recycle and Reuse Program shall be made available to Contractor upon request.
                     52. Subcontractor acknowledges and understands that two (2) manlifts, one (1) for
                         each building, shall be provided by Contractor. Manlifts shall be used for labor and
                         material movement and debris removal. Patching of units inside and outside where
                         left out for manlifts at a later date is included. A trash chute will only be allowed at
                         the Project Superintendent’s discretion and any additional costs incurred for any
                         changes to the scaffolding or the building to accept the chute shall be by this
                         Subcontractor.
                     53. At the completion of installation for each phase, floor, stack, area, or unit,
                         Subcontractor shall promptly pick up and remove from the work area all scraps,
                         debris, surplus materials, and scrape all joint compound from the floor and
                         electrical boxes. Subcontractor shall leave all work areas broom clean; units,
                         common areas, podium and garage, exit passages, and patios shall be
                         scraped, and power washed if required.
                     54. Subcontractor shall tape, float, skim, and sand all walls and ceilings.
                     55. Subcontractor shall mask off all windows, doors, and door frames prior to texture.
                         Upon completion of texture, windows and frame shall be cleaned of excess
                         drywall mud. Window returns shall receive a smooth finish, no texture.
                     56. Subcontractor shall scribe, detail, sand, and caulk all angles, ceilings, windows
                         and walls, etc. as soon as practical, following texture operation prior to paint.
                         Cleanup of units shall be accomplished the day following the texture operations.
                     57. Subcontractor shall spray a primer prep coat “pre-drywall texture” for unit kitchen,
                         bedroom, dining, living room, interior corridors, common area corridors, and
                         amenity walls and ceilings.
                     58. Limited use of water for cleanup is permitted. Cleanup includes but is not limited
                         to all over spray on windows, window tracks, tubs, door casing, stucco etc.
                     59. Subcontractor is responsible for all touch-up and minor repairs caused by damage
                         from other trades and shall provide one (1) full time pick-up/patch person (or more
                         as required) on the job at all times. Contract includes all reasonable patching for
                         Garage and Podium, Units and Leasing/Clubhouse Building at time of finish; any
                         and all repairs shall be documented per unit and agreed to by the Project
                         Superintendent prior to the start of any repairs.
                     60. Drywall pickup operations shall include the following:

                            1. Following texture operations, pre-paint pickup prior to paint.
                            2. Following hard surface installation, final pickup prior to carpet.
                            3. Following setting of all finish materials and just prior to management’s
                               acceptance inspection. Any required repairs to the drywall prior to final
                               acceptance is the responsibility of the Subcontractor and shall be
                               accomplished within twenty-four hours (24 HR) of notification.

                     61. Subcontractor shall supply and manage washout containment at all times to keep
                         drywall mud from entering into streets or dirt base per the City of San Diego and
                         State of California SWPPP requirements. Subcontractor shall coordinate location
                         of washout with the Project Superintendent prior to delivery.
                     62. Subcontractor shall be responsible for completing their own take-off and material
                         counts. It is understood that the Contractor will not accept any change orders
                         due to improper quantities unless otherwise noted by the Project Manager.
                     63. It is the responsibility of the Subcontract to stay up to date on Plans,
                         RFI’s, Submittals, and notices through the ProCore system.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                Contract Number: 11398601-035

                     64. Subcontractor shall be responsible for maintaining the Contractor’s construction
                         sign-off sheets for each stack as it pertains to each completed task.
                     65. Subcontractor shall clean up all work areas, materials, tools, trash, etc. at the end
                         of each day. All break and lunch trash shall be picked up during the same break
                         period. Lunch trash shall be disposed in Contractor supplied dumpsters. Additional
                         cleanup shall be required at the Project Superintendent’s discretion. Any trash not
                         picked up and cleaned by the Contractor shall be done at Subcontractor’s
                         expense.
                     66. If necessary, Subcontractor shall participate in a composite clean-up that shall
                         include other trades. Subcontractor shall provide one person for each 10 on
                         the project.
                     67. Clean up of City and on-site streets due to any activity related to this Contract
                         shall be included in this Contract. Subcontractor shall maintain and clean off
                         debris off adjacent streets as directed or as required by Contractor and/or
                         governing agencies.
                     68. If requested by Contractor, Subcontractor shall install 3-5/8” 25ga steel stud
                         plumbing walls in lieu of wood framed walls. A change order shall be processed in
                         the amount of $74,327 and Subcontract adjusted accordingly.
                     69. Subcontractor shall eliminate lining of joist bays where a single hard duct is
                         26 gauge and 6” in diameter. Credit amount of <$15,419> is included in this
                         Subcontract amount.
                     70. Subcontractor shall provide a credit in the amount of <$68,341> to change the
                         specified 3-Hr Wall W4.12 to Alternate 3-HR Wall Assembly 2600 or 2601 to
                         Contractor upon approval of the Construction Change currently being
                         processed with the City of San Diego. A change order shall be processed, and
                         Subcontract adjusted accordingly.
                     71. Subcontractor has included a second layer of 5/8” Type X gypsum board at R1
                         Level units per Wall Legend note and Wall Type M2.01 in the amount of $3,442 and
                         is included in this Subcontractor amount.
                     72. Subcontractor has provided a credit in the amount of <$28,216> to remove one
                         (1) layer of drywall at R2-R6 Level corridors where shear panel on the corridor
                         side is shown per ‘S’ Dwgs S202A – S206C. This credit amount is included in this
                         Subcontract. If additional areas are identified, the same credit basis shall be
                         provided.
                     73. If requested by Contractor, Subcontractor shall install two (2) layers of 5/8” type X
                         at all two-hour exterior wall rim joist conditions. A change order shall be processed
                         in the amount of $50,984.
                     74. If requested by Contractor, Subcontractor shall install non hardening flexible fire
                         rated acoustical caulking at ceiling to exterior 2-hr wall conditions (exclude any
                         Hilti CP606). A change order shall be processed in the amount of $15,458.
                     75. Subcontractor shall provide a prep coat at the locations listed below in the
                         amount of $58,440 which is included in this Subcontract. Areas not included are
                         bathrooms, closets, stairwells and unit hallways.

                            1. Unit Ceilings at kitchen/living rooms.
                            2. Bedroom ceiling and 2-side walls (excluding back walls).
                            3. Living room walls.
                            4. Corridor ceilings and walls.

                     76. Subcontractor shall provide and install Kinetics Wave Hangers, corresponding with
                         item #31.31 above for $8,730 which is included in this Subcontract.
                     77. Subcontractor shall include two (2) hours per unit for additional pick-up for
                         excessive trade damage for drywall repair (above and beyond standard pick-up)
                         for the amount $31,600 which is included in this Subcontract.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                                                                                 Contract Number: 11398601-035

                     78. Subcontractor shall install 350 access panels furnished and spread by other trades
                         for $10,500. If the total amount varies from the 350 included in this Subcontract, a
                         change order shall be processed in the amount of $30.00 for each access panel to
                         adjust accordingly.
                     79. If requested by Contractor, in addition to the areas and materials included in line
                         item #31.2 above, Subcontractor shall install 5/8” Dens Armor Glass Mat board or
                         Mold Curb in lieu of Type X for critical areas exposed to weather, excluding above
                         drops in units, stairwells, and elevator shafts per the table below:
                            Prelim Location:            Mol       Dens
                                                        d         Armor
                                                        Cur
                                                        b
                            Attic Draft-Stopping        $4,324    $15,132

                            Above Corridor              $12,363   $48,271
                            Drops
                            Joist Bays                  $20,557   $65,969
                            Misc. Unit Wraps            $3,185    $11,148
                            Behind Plumbing             $4,655    $16,293
                            Walls
                            Post & Beams                $1,493    $5,225
                            Shafts                      $14,435   $50,522
                            Behind Tubs                 $9,765    $34,178



            1.       Exclusions
                      1. Drops at top floor corridor ceilings.
                      2. All drywall at Rim joist except where required and indicated above.
                      3. ¾” Structo-Crete sheathing.
                      4. Furnishing rated access doors for other trades.
                      5. All wrapping of post and beams at 2-hour rated walls. Intumescent coating to
                         be used per A2-10.2.
                      6. All sheet metal at steel columns.
                      7. Wrapping of wood post and beams.
                      8. Installation of metal framed doors.
                      9. All Fry Reglet or RSIC Clips.
                     10. All metal stud backing at wood framed areas other than flat stock backing at
                         tub valves.
                     11. Engineering of Metal Stud Framing/Design Build or Welding.
                     12. Shaft wall systems at elevator front walls.
                     13. All scaffolding at elevator shafts unless required for your work due to delay by
                         this Subcontractor.
                     14. Masking at floors or exposed concrete.
                     15. Wrapping recessed lights.
                     16. All wrapping of joist bays where drop ceiling occurs unless joist bay is required to
                         be wrapped.
                     17. Off-site parking.
                     18. Caulking of windows and HVAC registers.
DocuSign Envelope ID: 15839C88-8219-4C9C-B4E1-2347F30A4DF4



                     19. All T-Bar ceiling systems.
                     20. All drywall at balcony floor ceiling assemblies unless shown and required per the
                         plans and details.
                     21. Any additional/extra pick-up for excessive trade damage for drywall repair (above
                         and beyond standard pick-up) other than what is indicated above and included
                         per line item #77.
